Homework problems and questions:

2.1

 R1
FileZilla - FTP
Firefox - HTTP, HTTPS,TCP, TLS
Mail - STMP, TCP
VPN software - UDP, TCP
Live streaming sites - UDP
SSH - TCP
VoIP - UDP
DNS - UDP

 R2
Application architecture deals with how the application is built, network architecture deals with how network is built.

 R3
Server is the side sending information and the client is the side receiving it.

 R4
In terms of single data transfer the terms still apply however both sides can take an either role depending on the specific data being transmitted.

 R5
?

 R6
HTTP is the application layer protocol that handles specific requests. It still requires the rest of the layers to function.
The Link layer(e.g. ethernet), internet layer(e.g. IP), transport layer protocols(e.g. TCP).

 R7
Payment processing.

 R8
 Error checking. TCP
 Packet transfer. TCP/ UDP
 Delivery confirmation. TCP
 ?

 R9
 SSL and its successor TLS operate on the application layer. Developer needs to enable wrapping of lower level packets with TLS before UDP/TCP.
 
 R10
 Protocol that creates a 2 way confirmation of establishment of a connection.
 
 R11
 Stateless protocol does not rely on knowing anything about the packets received previously. Both IMAP and SMTP are stateful protocols.
 Both protocols communicate back and forth before final delivery.
 
 R12
 Websites can keep cookies or manage a session. No websites don't need to use cookies.
 
 R13
 If the file requested already exists in caching directory of the client then the request for it can be substituted with a request to a cached file.
 Since requests from local directory are faster this results in a need for less files from the server and a faster loading. Delay will be reduced for
 all cacheable files. HTML files for example will not be cached and will be requested anew each time. This allows for a more dynamic nature for the
 websites in updating content. Cache invalidation being one of the issues a web developer has to think about.
 
 R14
 -
 
 R15
 HTTP body must adhere to the encoding rules indicated to in the header. STMP is possibly-structured. 
 STMP must adhere to US-ASCII but can be relaxed by extending the protocol.
 
 R16
 Alice communicates with web based client over HTTP sending a request to it. HTTP server communicates trough its own API to its email server which communicates
 with Bobs email server. It understands that Bobs email server accepts POP3 and thus creates a POP3 version of a message for Bobs server. Bobs email accepts it and confirms
 retrieval of the message.
 
 R17
 4. Unknown address assumed final server in Google datacenter. SMTP
 3. X-Recieved header tag for Google internal SMTP
 2. Website host address over ESMTPS
 1. Additional communication over ESMTPS
 
 R18
 No email client only knows it has downloaded the messages to your devices.
 
 R19
 MX records are certified thus allow for additional security.
 
 R20
 Recursive DNS query tries to resolve the request but if it fails it will request it from other DNS servers and return with a complete answer.
 Iterative DNS query refers you to the DNS that has the answer or next DNS in the line.
 
 R21
 -
 
 R22
 She will get her chunks when others have received those already.
 
 R23
 Tracking file has been already transfered and the peer list already exists so transfer is still possible with current peer network but not with new ones.
 
 R24
 Caching servers all over the world.
 P2P CDN.
 
 R25
 Client location.
 Cost.
 
 
 R26
 TCP server receives confirmations of delivery and additional requests for packets lost. 2n?
 
 R27
 In TCP server needs to perform a handshake to be able to start the transfer and ensure delivery. In UDP poses no such restrictions thus is able to start transfer
 before other side is ready for retrieval.
 
 P1 
 A True
 B True
 C False
 D False
 E False
 
 P2 Hiljem!!!
 
 P3
 DNS address resolve. Ethernet, TCP, IP, HTTP GET request to IP received. 
 DNS gets a request with string. DNS resolves the string and responds with IP. Host takes the IP creates HTTP GET request for the index page. Server gets
 the request and responds with 200 status code and the files.
 
 P4
 A http://gaia.cs.umaass.edu/cs453/index.html
 B Http 1.1
 C Persistent 300s
 D Mozilla Firefox 5.0
 
 P5
 A Yes(Code 200), Tue 07 Mar 2008 12:39:45 GMT
 B Sat 10 Dec 2005 18:27:46
 C 3874 bytes
 D ?, Yes but 100s
 
 P6 Hiljem!!!
 
 P7
 A 
 B
 C 
 
 P8
 
 
 
 