Homework problems and questions:

1.1

R1
There is no difference. PC, Phone, TV, Server, Laptop
. Yes, because it is at the edge of a network.

R2
Connection establishment and confirmation (Hello, Hello) Content (Message/Conversation)(Good Bye, Goodbye) termination.

R3
In order to communicate we need to reduce the bandwidth and content of information transfer to the important parts. To do this reliably we need to agree
on the bandwidth and the important parts. Agreement in this area makes communication fast and efficient.

R4
Ethernet - cable is connected ISP Home/Office
Wifi - radiowave to wifi router then ethernet to ISP Home
Mobile internet(4G/LTE) - radiowave connection to mobile tower and to ISP Home/Office
Coax - TV cable to ISP - Home
Fiber - Home/Office
DSL - Home
Sattelite - Home/Rural
Dial Up - Ancient

R5
Coax part is dedicated and fiber part is packet switched. Yes. Because you can overload fiber multiplexer if you connect too many coax clients.

R6
Sattelite / Mobile / Dial Up

R7
DSL is a dedicated internet service. Dial up is adjusted to operate on existing phone line bandwidth and thus limited.

R8
?

R9
Dial up - Dedicated 56 Kbps
HFC - Shared 42.8 Mbps/ 30.7 Mbps
DSL - Dedicated - [12 Mbps/1.8 Mbps] / [55 Mbps/15 Mbps]
FTTH 20 Mbps

R10
Wifi, Bluetooth
Wifi roater broadcasts a field and transmits internet packets to host. 
Bluetooth seems more reliable overall than Wifi.

R11

R12
Circuit switched network has a dedicated line so there is no bandwidth overflow or exhaustion.

R13
A 2
B At max load link operates within limitations. With three concurrent users link may become overwhelmed when throughput is exceeded.
C 1/5 20%
D 1/125 

R14
They can avoid paying for 1st tier ISP fees if they can form the connection on their level. They have more leverage in pricing. IXP takes a fee for
every connection formed.

R15
Content providers can nowadays bypass traditional ISP networks partly by creating their internal connection network.

R16
Nodal processing - Constant
Queueing - Variable
Transmission - Variable
Propagation - Variable

R17
--

R18
